hi guys this is co-host just BJ howl
again with another video tutorial today
what I'm going to show you today is how
you can actually scan a document into a
searchable text file the out file that
you're going to target today is a PDF
file and the document I'm going to scan
today is one of what a page from from a
book so let's get started over this this
is really a short tutorial so what I'm
going to do now is I just go to start
and then go to my M HP install a
solution Center so your HP solution
Center actually looks like that few
options you can actually scan up the s
kind of document as a picture or you can
scan in a picture as a picture of course
but what I'm going to show you is this
second button here it's kind of scan a
scanned document now it's actually
connecting to my network printer okay
it's connected down so there are heaps
of options here in other words scan shot
codes what I'm actually interested in is
this option or the shot could document
do a searchable PDF file okay um you can
actually go into change settings if you
like say for example if you want output
to be in color I was getting grayscale
or black and white are you gonna you
know scan scan it to it like a WordPad
or file or anything well I should be
saving it as a PDF file so let you keep
that selected and keep that selected and
then I don't want output type to be a
colored output so I like he changed to
black and white
and because I make sure using HP
photosmart 3300 sees my my unit doesn't
actually have a document feeder so I'm
gonna use a glass scanner so I'll
actually leave everything else to be as
it is and just hit scan that's gonna ask
you for a location of course I mean you
can actually select any other you know
fault out if you're interested in like a
PNG gif penchev but the purpose of this
tutorial is to show you how to save it
as a searchable PDF so either PDF RTF
HTML or text these all actually are
pretty much similar so we can actually
search text in any one of these options
what we will actually keep PDF option in
there I want actually change my parts
will actually keep does that as it is
but you can always change it to like
where you want to stow that the
resultant scan to UM I will just press
ok and now it's actually going to scan
my book page and
it's pretty it's pretty fast time for me
I guess because I have nothing else to
do I guess
so once the scan actually gets finished
this finish button actually gets enabled
now when I click finish will actually
just save my document to my to the
location that I've selected so that's
the Desa that's the scan file that the
print that scanner actually has pretty
so now let's let's see what's in there
in the in that file so when you're
double click on it
that's a file and that the text you can
actually select the text so what if I
want to search it hang it so any text I
will just go say maybe just search for
things because they're suppose for us
actually cited so there you go that's
how you actually do it so I'll actually
see you in another video tutorial I hope
this tip actually will help you scanning
your document to the text surgical techs
Cheers